%TITLE: A. The Guilds Purpose & History

History

The Adventurers Guild of Texas was formed shortly after the area around Wichita Falls managed to get a grip on its surrounding area. Approximately 30 years after the madness began. Crawling out of the ruins
of what had fallen apart a group of merchants, doctors, and teachers formed together into a rough group trying to incentivize the wasters of the area to work together towards a mutually agreeable goal.
The reclaimation of the wasteland. One bite at a time. 

While it is hard to point at any one personage above others in the Guild history one Sheldon Van Buren seems to have had the largest impact on the guild. A merchant by trade before the fall of civilization
he carried information with him into this new age that had never been considered by the leaders of the new world. Focusing entirely on the premise of a safer wasteland being the primary goal of the guild, with 
profit being a motivation to churn the monsters that were ravaging the wilderness he created the guilds ticket system as well as personally helped to key in the concept of the Guild banking system being 
designed to be helpful to adventurers instead of purely predatory. He was known for being kind, generous, and single minded in his determination to drive the Guild toward bringing safety and prosperity to 
the ravaged wastes and while he was never revered by any means his attitude remains something that many in the Guild are expected to live up to.

Sadly he passed many decades ago, already old when the breaking of the world came he lived long enough only to see the guild begin to truly prosper. Now the Guild has made it to the New Boston/Texarkana area.  Which is where
your story starts, brave Guilder!

--PAGEBREAK--

Purpose

The Purpose of the guild is simple, and these are truly the only things asked of guild members.

The Guild exists to bring safety to the wastes.

How that is done depends on the guild worker but every path in the guild has different ways of applying pressure on the wastes around them.

The Shopkeep can arm the people, using the underground subway system to order weapons for good folk.
The Financier can fill the peoples pockets for returning the bounty tickets that the guild has scattered about the land via airdrop. These tickets can help fund groups to hunt down more raiders and monsters.
The Healers generally offer their services free of charge, but can charge for better healing supplies to wasters. They keep these adventurers moving.
The Kitcheneers keep people fed. They exist to build an environment that does not lead towards bored (and perhaps violent) wasters standing around unaccounted for.
The Catalogers keep track of the dungeons of the land and the lore within, helping every other branch of the Guild with useful information of the area. They are also the guilds unofficial record keepers.
The Knights protect the Guildhall, but are also free to adventure forth during downtime.  Perhaps even going out of their way to rescue trapped wasters.

Combined together outgoing Guilders can take charge of the area around them.  Using the lure of making money to guide the wasters and citizens of the surrounding area into creating a safer world. All while keeping the unengaged
members of society busy and happy at the guild kitchen.

--PAGEBREAK--

OOC page

That's right, your job in the guild is to keep people busy. As a shopkeeper you want them out adventuring to bring you back loot to sell. Financiers should be paying out to wasters who have a plan on what they want to go do.
Healers should be friendly and willing to create chems for folks if they know how. Even a basic healer should be more than happy to get people back on their feet though.  Kitcheneers should be hosts at the bar, happily encouraging guests.
While the catalogers write down the locations of known dungeons, monster nests, and points of interest.  All while Knights stand by on call in case of violence, reminding the citizens that the towns security isn't the only
force able to keep them in line if push comes to shove.

I would be amiss to not tell you that the guild exists entirely to rescue jobs that when placed down separately simply can't exist. Too many players have been seen taking these jobs individually only to watch them wither on the vine due 
to no one being around for them to roleplay with. The Guild subsuming these jobs into one shared location should help fight that malaise. Be social, be friendly with your guild partners.  All of you are playing jobs that are insanely lonely without
one another. Plan for the 2.5hr Round time drop off, realize that most players will have found serious RP by that time and that without your guildmates you will likely be very alone. I do not want you to be alone, bored, and unengaged. Hence why we've glued
these jobs together under one roof.
😁  ~Fenny
