%TITLE:B. Shopkeeping

The Guild Shopkeeper is one of the backbones of the Adventurers Guild.  Without them and their ability to order
supplies some of the other systems break down.  Thankfully any Guild worker can fill this role!

We'll include some do's and don'ts here, as well as overall tips.
--PAGEBREAK--

Do

Do be vocal, let people know you're open.  Let them know when you need to close.  Make them very aware of what you're up to.

Do be willing to haggle, the goal is to make some money, not all of it.  Guests who feel ripped off will not return and thusly are out of your purview.

Do be friendly, obviously this isn't 'let them walk all over you', but put on a customer service face.  It helps.

Do be willing to take breaks.  Sometimes you will need them, and when you take them is up to you. 

Do incentivize hunters and farmers to bring you things to sell. It really is good money.

--PAGEBREAK--

Don'ts

Don't horde gear no one will buy, it makes the shop a target for thieves.  You're better off selling off excess to support the community or the rest of the guild.

Don't be needlessly greedy, you will be paid no matter how much you earn for the guild. Focus on the goal of keeping wasters out of town and making the wastes safer. Not on padding your pockets.

Don't yell at people for using the machines outside the shop, they're guild property to.  Instead tell them that many of the things (especially ammo and gun modifications) can be purchased from you for much cheaper.

Don't use stock to go adventuring if there is a knight available.   You wouldn't want them barging in and taking over your job, would you?


--PAGEBREAK--

Tips for newbies

Remember to grab a scanner, you'll need to whack it on the ordering console to make it work though!
You can scan containers and it will show the price of everything inside!
Don't vary heavily from the scanner prices, many folks can tell when they're being ripped off.  If buying only cut a few dozen coppers off.  If selling only add a few dozen.  You'll be much more successful.


--PAGEBREAK--

OOC Notes

Greed
While ultimately I can't (and won't) force you as a player to play the way these do's and don't are written understand that deviating from them can
have consequences.  It does not take long for a dirty shopkeep to be blacklisted by the folks around town.  If you do not offer fair prices they will
know sooner or later and then you won't have much of a job to do at all while they silently avoid you.  At that point you've done it to yourself.

ERP
Feel free to shutdown to ERP with either your guildmates or someone else.  Do NOT feel guilty for filling a slot (they are almost all uncapped) but DO remember
to toss your scanner down if you can.  Those are fairly limited. 


