%TITLE:C. Financier

The beating heart of the guild.  You have the cleanest access to Guild coffers and as such the ability to grease the gears. Be open to offering guild rewards for things done.  Be that things 
for the guild, or for the populace.  Work with the town to help get the things they need money for accomplished.  Some do's, don't, and tips will follow.

--PAGEBREAK--

Do offer rewards for clearing dungeons (and have a knight go with them if you can!)

Do punch tickets and payout in full to the person who brought them.  Most of the time that money goes RIGHT up to the shopkeep. 

Do work with local law to create bounties for raiders and bandits (be they players or just monsters about the wastes)

Do plan quests with the rest of the guild to send people off to do things.  You offer the coldest and hardest form of reward.  Use it.


--PAGEBREAK--

Don't worry too much about 'loans' or 'opening accounts', testing has shown that the community does not care much for these ideas.  

Don't worry about maximizing profit, that's the shops job.  

Don't put bounties on random people for small things, you're not the law just because you can pay through the nose for it.  This is a good way to get lynched.


--PAGEBREAK--

OOC Notes: 

ERP
Feel free to shutdown to ERP with either your guildmates or someone else.  Do NOT feel guilty for filling a slot as they're almost universally uncapped.

Out of Character banking systems
Some players work together to keep records of who owes what and all that.  Feel free to work with those players if you like or devise your own system.  Just remind the players engaging with it that
if you, or another banker that is part of that system, aren't in the bank they will likely not know a damn thing about it.  So going up and demanding money from a random Financier is likely
a huge waste of time.

Money
You have it.  In droves.  The guild bank is absolutely OVERFLOWING with coinage.  USE IT.  Create things for people to do. ANYTHING.  Get them out murdering fucking geckos.  They want tasks and you
are uniquely set to give them to them.  Do so and don't give a SHIT about how much money the bank has at the end of the round.  Grease them gears!!