%TITLE:Your place in the tribe.
%TOP_IMAGE<1|fit;URL>:https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/855666496386891786/1147225037884117163/tribe.jpg
%TOP_IMAGE<2|stretch;https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/855666496386891786/1147225037884117163/tribe.jpg
%BOTTOM_IMAGE<1|fit;URL>:https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/855666496386891786/1147225037884117163/tribe.jpg
%BOTTOM_IMAGE<2|stretch;https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/855666496386891786/1147225037884117163/tribe.jpg

Blessings Druid

This guidebook is to help teach you your place in the tribe.  You likely already know that you will be the one focused largely on healing the soil and regrowing nature
that was lost.  We hope that you continue to find peace in this, and assist the tribe from your position of grace.

--PAGEBREAK--

The tribe pulls all of its members from your ranks. Every man, woman, hunter, chief, shaman, all of them started out as lowly villagers.  It was the experiences
that they gained over time and how they used that determined how they grew in the tribe.  We understand that each villagers path is their own though and while none should
push you to a life path that doesn't call to you on a deeper level you should perhaps remember that a tree must grow if it is to give fruit.

--PAGEBREAK--

The Heirarchy of all things.

The tribe is governed from the top down, but there isn't always a full pack to call upon. Ultimately it is understood by all that in dire times no single ruling can be made
to describe all things.  Our world is far too complex for such attempts, and instead one should trust your heart or seek the guidance of the spirits.

When times are good though, and the tribes numbers thrive then the order is quite simple, and is as follows.

		The Leaders

- Spirits: The spirits can overrule any judgement by any member of any life path. The chief may scream for war, but if the spirits sing for peace then what must be, must be.
To not listen to those who were here before us, who have faced the wrath of a reality unhinged, would be folley.

- Chiefs: The chief is picked from one of the three major growth paths within the tribe.  Be they a warrior known for their ferocity in cleansing the sickness from the lands.
A shaman who communed so near to the realm of spirits that they whisper directly into their ears without needing to be asked first.  Or even a Druid so tied to the land that
they heal that plants seem to rise up where it is they walk. A chief deserves respect, their words should guide the tribe to success in cleansing and keeping the peace under most circumstances.

- The Druids & the Shamans: You know that your purpose as a Shaman is to guide the tribe, to heal the sick, and to commune with the spirits.  You are a direct link from the very top the lowest bottom.
Remember this at all times. Remember that your tribe-sibblings are kin to be loved, that relationships are to be nutured and grown, and that you are the- for lack of a better turn of phrase- the compost 
that brings the fastest and most fruitful growth.  You are equal to your Druid kin though, and remember to respect them in their work.  Without them, we go hungry.

The Druids of the tribe are pulled from farmers who- while not as attune perhaps with the spirits as the Shamans are- have some massive bond with the land.
No one has ever been able to fitfuly explain why it is some members of the farming groups can gain such a connection to the land, but the ones that do are surely to
be focused on the fruitful (pun intended) nature of their labors.  

- Guardian & Headhunter: Pulled directly from warrior life paths these two positions exist in harmony (in theory) for two very different sets of goals.

The Guardian is, generally speaking, pulled from warriors who have felt the anger of a camp attacked. To know what it is like to leave on a hunt and return to blood spilled
by those who do not believe as we do. They know rage and the spirits have blessed it.  They are expected to hold steady in the camp, with warriors of their choosing if they see fit
during times of tension with the groups around us. They are our final line of defense when the spirits of the breakers that were decide that violence to our ilk is the
option of least resistance. 

The Headhunter is quite the opposite. Leading hunters on raids into the wilderness, looking for artifacts from the time before, and generally being somewhat of a face of the tribe
on the outsiders around us. Headhunters should be even tempered to some degree, so as to not step on the toes of those who do not follow our ways. Temperance, knowledge of the land,
knowledge of the monsters that inhabit it, and perhaps some knowledge in first aid are all things that a headhunter should have.

In times of great tension, if both of these leaders disagree on an action the Shaman should be their first in between to the spiritual world. Failing that, facing the Skull
of Atonement, hand in hand to remember that their lives are in each others hands, and asking the spirits together will often suffice in bringing forth a sign for which party
should take precedence. 

--PAGEBREAK--

- Hunter: Hunters were villagers who showed aptitude beyond basic self defense and have been taught to use more than the basic weapons of the tribe. They should be content
with knowing that their purpose is what the Headhunter or Guardian seeks them to be used for. They shouldn't wander too far from the tribal grounds without telling at least
someone though, as the swamplands are dangerous and to lose a hunter in some far corner would be a loss the tribe doesn't need to suffer.

- Villagers: It has been long accepted that not every member of the tribe needs to seek greatness. Villagers are the backbone of our people, and without them we never
gain another hunter.  No new chiefs are born, no shamans annointed. They are low on the totem pole, but does not every pole need a bottom to stand?  Love your tribe sibblings, 
show them compassion.  

- Spirit-Pledged: Technically these are not full members of the tribe, to become Spirit-Pledged is a gift we bestow on outsiders who wish to live within our walls. Their ways
are often strange, perhaps even running askew of our own.  The spirits demand it be so to keep perspective in our eyes. Treat them well and always remember that our people to 
were outsiders in a strange land once.

--PAGEBREAK--

The Others

- Wildlings: The wilding is not a role in the tribe in the same sense as any of the other aforementioned roles. It is- we think- a member of the tribe who has been cursed with
Spiritsbane. They do not act rashly, or sensibly. They don't remember, know, or care for our ways, but retain access to the tribe.  The topic is complex, but the short answer is
that Wildings should be given space. Do not abandon them, teach them if they will listen, but the spirits will decide if they should be allowed to stay in the tribe.  

There many sides of what makes up this concept, and not all of them bad.  Trying to explain them all here would be daft though, only experience can teach a Shaman who 
might stand before them has been touched by the wilds and had the spirits twist their attitude. 

Remember always that this can be a blessing, or a curse. Their views are odd, but that doesn't mean they lack value.
