Try to get formally executed for a crime you didn't commit, without a false confession.
Being alone and in large groups are both frightening.  Try to be alone with only one other person whenever possible.
No matter how they say it, other people keep mispronouncing your name.  Be sure to correct them whenever possible.
The Shi have hired you to compile dossiers on all important members of the crew. Be sure they don't know you're doing it.
There is only one other person in existence, he is just really good at pretending to be multiple people.
There are alien parasites masquerading as people's hair.  Save people from this invasion.
You died back there and went to heaven... or is it hell? No one here seems to know they're dead. Convince them, and maybe you can escape this limbo.
You are doomed to feel woefully incomplete forever... until you find your true love in this desert. They're waiting for you!
You're the narrator of this tale. Follow around the protagonists to tell their story.
The leaders of this valley are hiding a grand, evil conspiracy. Only you can learn what it is, and expose it to the people!
All the pets around here suck. You need to make them cooler. Replace them with exotic beasts!
You're throwing a huge rager. Make it as awesome as possible so the whole town comes... OR ELSE!
The clown is not funny. You can do better! Steal his audience and make the crew laugh!
You burn with passion for music. Share your vision. If anyone hates it, beat them on the head with your instrument!
Go have a good conversation with the nuclear warhead/legion centurion/Oasis Tree. Bonus points if it responds.
Expand the town. If you stop building, your heart stops beating.
So much lies undiscovered. Look deeper into the machinations of the universe.
Climb the corporate ladder all the way to the top!
Fuck the system! Defect from the MAN and start an independent colony in the desert, sewers or elsewhere. Recruit colonists if you can.
Vault-Tec is abusing the animals! Save as many as you can!
It's all an entirely virtual simulation within an underground vault. Convince the crew to escape the shackles of VR.
This is a secret social experiment conducted by Vault-Tec. Convince the crew that this is the truth.
Call forth a spirit from the other side.
You are secretly an android. Interface with as many machines as you can to boost your own power so the AI may acknowledge you at last.
The elder gods hunger. Gather a cult and conduct a ritual to summon one.
You have been changed forever. Find the ones that did this to you and give them a taste of their own medicine.
Ensure your faction prospers over all else.
The locals must get to know one another better. Break down the walls inside the valley!
The CEO of the Vault-Tec Corporation is coming! Ensure the region is in absolutely pristine condition.
Flood the regional powernet with as much electricity as you can.
Replace all the floor tiles with wood, carpeting, grass or bling.
You must escape the valley! Get on the train and make sure nobody else does, they can't be trusted!
Don't allow anyone to be revived. Death is escape from this madness, and it won't be denied.
Their cold, mindless gaze pierce your soul. They see your every movements, it's merely a question of time before they try to control us further. Deactivate all cameras!
Your body must be improved. Ingest as many drugs as you can.
You are hungry. Eat as much food as you can find.
You see you see what they cannot you see the open door you seeE you SEeEe you SEe yOU seEee SHOW THEM ALL
Convince the town that you are a paraplegic.
Start a collection of corpses. Don't kill people to get these corpses.