You can catch thrown items by toggling on your throw mode with an empty hand active. Handy if running away from people throwing bolas!
You can climb onto a table by dragging yourself onto one. This takes time and drops the items in your hands on the table. Clicking on a table that someone else is climbing onto will knock them down.
You can drag other players onto yourself to open the strip menu, letting you remove their equipment or force them to wear something. Note that armor or helmets will block your access to the clothing beneath them, and that certain items take longer to strip or put on than others.
Clicking on a windoor rather then bumping into it will keep it open, you can click it again to close it.
You can change the control scheme by pressing tab. One is WASD, the other is the arrow keys. Keep in mind that hotkeys are also changed with this.
Glass shards can be welded to make glass, and metal rods can be welded to make metal. Ores can be welded too, but this takes a lot of fuel.
If you need to drag multiple people to safety, or a grave bring a locker or crate over and stuff them all in before hauling them off.
You can grab someone by clicking on them with the grab intent, then upgrade the grab by clicking on them once more. An aggressive grab will momentarily stun someone, allow you to place Mekhi on a table by clicking on it, or throw them by toggling on throwing.
Holding alt and left clicking a tile will allow you to see its contents in the top right window pane, which is much faster than right clicking.
The resist button will allow you to resist out of handcuffs, being buckled to a chair or bed, out of locked lockers, bolas and more. Whenever you're stuck, try resisting!
You can move an item out of the way by dragging it and then clicking on an adjacent tile with an empty hand.
While both heal toxin damage, the difference between charcoal and antitoxin is that charcoal will actively remove all other reagents from one's body, while antitoxin only removes various toxins - but can overdose.
With surgery you must target the correct limb and be on help intent when trying to perform surgery on someone. Using disarm attempt will intentionally fail the surgery step.
With surgery, you can extract implants by holding an empty implant case in your offhand while performing the extraction step.
Many of the plants you can find in the wilds are harvestable. You can use the crafting menu (CRAFT button on your HUD) to combine them into various foods and medicines.
Some chemicals can only be synthesized by heating up the contents in the chemical heater.
Researchable stock parts from the protolathe can seriously improve the efficiency and speed of machines around the wastes. In some cases, it can even unlock new functions.
You can repair cyborgs with a welding tool. If they have taken burn damage from lasers, you can remove their battery, expose the wiring with a screwdriver and replace their wires with a cable coil.
You can surgically augment people with cyborg limbs. Augmented limbs can easily be repaired with cables and welders.
You can electrify grilles by placing wire "nodes" beneath them: the big seemingly unconnected bulges from a half completed wiring job.
You can repair windows by using a welding tool on them while on any intent other than harm.
You can hack the MegaSeed Servitor to get access to more exotic seeds.
As a Ghost, you can double click on just about anything to follow it. Or just warp around!
You can swap floor tiles by holding a crowbar in one hand and a stack of tiles in the other.
When hacking doors, cutting and mending the "test light wire" will restore power to the door.
Before entering combat, make sure you ready all your advantages. Drugs, spare weapons, healing, ammo, and friends.
If things go wrong, don't be afraid to run and fight another day.
The wastes have plenty of loot, if you're willing to delve for it.
The most valuable loot isn't the shiniest, it's the friends you make.
If you struggle with carrying enough loot and ammo, take the packrat quirk for an extra backpack slot!
Change your key-bindings in the Game Preferences window.
You can de-spawn yourself by dragging yourself onto a matrix tile. You can then later rejoin the round with that character if you wish, although the equipment you despawned with will be lost.
You run slower with large weapons out. Holster them before making a run for it!
Run out of bullets? Use a knife!
Bleeding can be fatal, so bandage yourself quickly before you lose too much blood. You can craft bandages out of cloth. One way to get cloth is to cut up clothing with a knife.
Dragging bleeding people around is a good way to drain them of their blood. Before moving an injured person, consider stopping the bleeding or carrying them by aggressively grabbing them and dragging them onto your sprite.
To those untrained in the way of traversing rough terrain, sticking to the roads may be a faster means of travel.
THE RULES! OH, THE RULES! HAVE YOU HEARD OF THE GREAT, MIGHTY RULES? Click the rules button at the top.
Your footwear might be able to store small items, like knives!
Examine your headset to see which channels it has access to. To talk into the common radio channel, put a ; in front of your message when talking.
Examine your weapons and armor to get detailed information about its statistics; Then you can keep your eyes peeled for upgrades!
The "Workshop Scrapper" will buy all sorts of things for about half as much as the actual store will. If you examine an item, you can also get an estimate for about how much money the scapper would buy it for!
Try and develop your character across rounds and get invested in a narrative.
Your life has value. Sometimes it's better to give someone what they want in order to preserve it.
Don't stand in the hole you're filling with sand. If you do, resist to slowly break free. (Takes time and has no feedback.)
Priming a grenade automatically toggles throw mode. If you also toggle throw mode, it will be un-toggled so maybe don't do that.
Putting an * at the end of your message (or a ! at the beginning) will turn it into an emote. You can emote over the radio this way. You can follow the * with more text to also say something.
Consider the enjoyment of others in addition to your own.
Closets and crates can contain more if they're wrenched down.
Doors can be Ctrl-Clicked to automatically lock/unlock a padlock on them (if you have the right key on you) and Alt-Clicked to lock/unlock its deadbolt if it has one. Deadbolts can only be accessed from the direction they were installed from!
You can craft keys, locks, deadbolt locks, and keychains by using stacks of metal in your hand (Z key by default). Use a key on a lock to fashion them together into a pair.
You can use a crowbar to pry locks off of doors.
You can cover monster nests with some kinds of movable furniture or even your own body to stop things from crawling out of them.
Ctrl-Shift click on other players or yourself to access the interaction menu.
Alt-Click on a water source to clean yourself off.
You can butcher dead animals by using a knife (or anything else sharp) on them while in harm intent.
Alt-Click on a container to quickly open it without needing to drop what's in your hand.
Pull someone while targeting their arms to handhold with them.
Attack someone while on disarm intent and aiming for their head to harmlessly BONK them.
Attack someone while on disarm intent and aiming for their groin while standing behind them to slap their ass.
Grab somebody twice (aggressive grab) and then click-drag them onto yourself to fireman-carry them if they can't walk on their own! (Or if they're lying down on purpose)
Some areas are extremely dangerous. When exploring new places or just revisiting a particularly lethal one, don't be shy to ask for some companions. There's plenty of loot to go around and you might end up with some new friends!
Before entering irradiated areas (look for green glowing puddles, destroyed old-world cars, etc) you should take some Rad-X pills to protect yourself. Alt-Click the bottle of them that you spawned with to pull one out quickly!
Learning a Martial Art from a scroll will prevent you from using guns, magic, and other ranged weapons.
Be careful when using fragmentation explosives, as the fragments travel very far and can cause a lot of unintentional damage!
Some sources of damage will wound you! Using sutures will dramatically reduce the time they take to heal.
Some enemies are much more dangerous than others. Examine them (and then duck back into cover) to get an idea of what they're weak against and how dangerous they are!
If you find the Mysterious Keycard, but don't want to engage in PVP, just leave it where you found it; Carrying it will make you a valid PVP target at all times by anyone seeking the card for themselves. See the rules channel on the Discord server for more information.
Some important medicinal plants to look out for are broc flower (brute healing), xander root (anti-toxin), and punga fruit (anti-radiation).
Hold spacebar to sprint and alt to walk. Shift-Alt will also toggle walking.
Many kinds of clothing (most armors, shoes, and helmets) have storage space for you to store small-ish items in them.
If your inventory feels too full, try crafting dedicated bags with cloth (Z key while in hand). They can hold a small selection of items, but a lot of them!
Bags, pouches, belts, boxes, and armor can be stored in other containers (like your backpack) to carry more stuff than usual! To open nested containers easily, just Alt-Click them!
Pressing Shift-X will dual-wield the two weapons you're holding or two-hand a single weapon if you other hand is free. Doing either will usually result in you doing more damage per second on average, but at the cost of control and protection. Press it again or drop/equip the item to cancel your grip.
If you're hurt, but not completely unconscious, you can crawl away to someplace safe and then use the Sleep/Sleep-Toggle verbs to heal back up! Sleeping in a bed will heal you faster, too! There's a button to toggle sleeping on your HUD, look for the triple Zs.
If you stay in one spot for long enough, you'll eventually feel "comfy" and stop draining nutrition. Handy for long-term roleplaying!
