%TITLE: Roses in the garden.
%TOP_IMAGE<1|fit;URL>:https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/855666496386891786/1154077693881634887/7a2b8d0aa3fe289d52e19792140dea4c.jpg
%TOP_IMAGE<2|stretch;https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/855666496386891786/1154077693881634887/7a2b8d0aa3fe289d52e19792140dea4c.jpg
%BOTTOM_IMAGE<1|fit;URL>:https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/855666496386891786/1154077693881634887/7a2b8d0aa3fe289d52e19792140dea4c.jpg
%BOTTOM_IMAGE<2|stretch;https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/855666496386891786/1154077693881634887/7a2b8d0aa3fe289d52e19792140dea4c.jpg

This Page should be considered Out Of Character information, and serves to help dial you in as a player to what it is the goal of Heavens Night, and your role as a 'worker' within is to be when it comes to those
that choose the more intimate path.

It is easy, very easy even, to break down the job that you may wish to perform as that of a simple prostitute.  Creating scenes that are built specifically around the concept of calling in those that wish to partake
of the goods that you have available. By all means, you can catcall on the corner at passersby, and that may be all that you want.  If it is, understand that you do no wrong by doing so as long as prefs aren't broken and 
that you are entirely valid to continue doing so.

The page after this can be treated as IC methods of how to run the second and third floor of the facility.

If you seek to create a more meaningful and deeper experience then please, read on.

We are, in some ways, attempting to style Heaven's Night after a sort of higher class type of establishment.  Specifically we are referencing some techniques that were used historically by Japanese brothels in the edo period
to create, hopefully, something that is more than just a simple raunchy scene between worker and customer.  Not a lot of ERP permissive servers seem to spend a lot of time thinking about what ERP should be used as, but
the reality of the matter is that it serves to do a handful of things in a round and I would love to see some of the players who read this information take advantage of that to add more to the environment then just 'another 
pretty little hole' or something similar.  

So, I ask that you do a few things.

1 - Take what you're doing seriously, Erotic Roleplay is in a lot of ways Round Removal. Even when our rounds were 6 hours long scenes didn't often end fully, even when players were allowed 3 or even 4 hours to complete them.
You are taking up someones time, and they are taking up yours. Be courteous to their preferences and true to your own as well. Read their ooc notes, figure out what they may want before you even agree to spending time with them.

It is better to say no to a scene that neither of you really want than to force yourself or them, even unintentionally, into a scene neither of you is enjoying.  

2 - Do some research, learn about how brothels have worked around the world and how your character may use similar techniques to draw people in.  Understand that being a 'partner for hire' may mean indulging other things 
than just lust.  Some people, not just characters, are lonely. Approach them, converse, enagage with them and be the entertainer that you are attempting to roleplay as.  Maybe take the time to learn flirting strategies or even
(god forbid) how to really talk to people and be pleasant with your pants on.

It is better to offer a non-erotic scene to someone who needs the engagement you can freely offer than to let them languish in the corner by themselves.  While you technically owe them none of your affection some attention and
kindness goes a long way and may reinforce a player who is having problems being invested in the game as a whole. Be the flower that entices them, be the oak tree that holds them up on a background level. Even if that doesn't
mean being IC intimate with them.  This isn't something we'd ever force you to do, but ponder it, please.

3 - Try to be classy, this goes along with doing your research but you are the final step in the ladder for people who come into heavens night looking for partnership.  They can sit at the bar for an hour talking to 7 people
but if you and them pair off you are the most important part of their IC, and maybe even OOC, attention. I can't force you to play a character that sips tea and stares at ponds longingly, but consider being reserved and not
so rakish.  Anyone, after all, can play a street walker.  You don't have to do it to be a Heaven's Night worker, so why don't you try and really make what you are stand out more?

Pick your words with care, pick your title with care, try to be kind and gentle.  Players and characters are likely to be somewhat uncomfortable in Heaven's Night and you are the final chapperone for them to have a great time.  Make them comfortable
and don't try to antagonize them at all, as you aren't here for that most likely anyway.


--PAGEBREAK--

Onboarding Customers

There is a process we would like to see used to help make onboarding customers up into the Garden a bit safer for both the workers/customers and comfortable for both parties.  

If you have time, and there are other Garden employees (Ie. Courtesans, Escorts, whatever you wish to call yourself) then you can take the role of a secretary at the second floor table, doing the checklist described below 
when new customers arrive.

- Screen the customers outfit, if they are too messy please direct them KINDLY AND GENTLY to the bathroom on the second floor, allow them time to straighten up. They need to realize this is not a rat hole for them
to wander into covered in blood and expect to be serviced.

- Get the customers name, if they refuse to give it then refuse service.  If they get aggresive then agree to give service and send them to the holding area across from your desk while you retrieve Nash security or any guards
on duty to remove them properly. If they seek violence your life is in your hands, act accordingly and make sure that they shall not recieve any service ever again from your staff unless a repetance is paid.  What that is
is up to the manager on duty.

- Record the customers desires.  What is it they seek?  Do they want companionship? A lover? The girl, or boyfriend, experience?  This information is vital, because it tells you what they're seeking.  Treat it as holy scripts
and follow it to the letter.  

- Once the customers desires are recorded ask them to please wait in the chamber across from your office so that you may go upstairs to seek assistance for them. Once they are comfortable waiting head upstairs and
round up the people available.  Describe the customer, and their desires.  See if there are any takers first and foremost, and do not force the customer on anyone.  If none of the workers wish to see them then procede to the list after this one.

- Assuming that one of the workers would like to meet the customer then allow them to disperse and let the requesting worker take a place near the top of the stairs to meet them.  Head back down, and escort the customer up to them.
You should leave as soon as possible at this point, because the act is now in their hands.




What to do if no one wishes the customers presence?

- Understand and respect the wishes of the workers, we can not force them to work if we wish for them to be happy and to do the level of job that we want. 

- Report to the customer as soon as you can, so as to not waste their time, and let them know that at the moment all of the workers are too busy to see them. This may be a lie, make it as clear to them as possible that 
it isn't though. Lie that there was one that may be interested, that you felt would match their needs but they are predisposed.  

- Wish the customer happy travels, and allow them to leave.  If they do not leave, and decide to make a ruckus about it feel free to call for HN Security, or Nash's Security force.


Payment (Slightly OOC)

- Ultimately payment is given to the worker that has done the task requested.  It is up for debate what that payment may be, but for OOC purposes it can be assumed the character 'pays it the club' off screen.  There's no
need to hassle players to death over coins.  Lets be real, most scenes won't even finish due to the round timer.

--PAGEBREAK--

Servicing Needs (Slightly OOC)

This page is written in a half OOC manor, this is because there are things that both the player and their character need to keep up with.  We will divide them as such.

OOC
- Remember to check, or even double check, prefs. Use LOOC.  Communicate.  Talk to the other person both IC and in LOOC to make sure of what it is they seek.  Be considerate and remember you're a host of sorts, trying to impart
a good time on another person.

- Don't feel like you have to jump the bones of anyone that comes in. You absolutely have choice here, and if someone pushes you too hard ICly to 'do your job' be aware that you should let staff know.  No one should ever 
try to force you into a scene you do not want to be in.

- Remember that even entering into Heaven's Nights area is permission to do some raunchier things, but that they should STILL be done via subtles.


IC 
- Remember your headset, being unable to communicate if a customer gets rowdy in a bedroom with you while the rest of the wastes aren't able to hear you to give help will never end well.

- No one will chastise you for having actual feelings towards the customer, our task is partially caretakers. It is only natural.

- Be classy!  For the love of god, don't call yourself or appear as just another mangy whore.  Feel the mood of the establishment and adjust to fit into it.

--PAGEBREAK--

But I want to be the mangy whore!

That's fine, you can do that. There exists a set of slums right next door to Heaven's Night that are absolutely built for a raunchier, dirtier, kind of 'worker' experience.  While you can, by all means, work in Heaven's Night itself, maybe those 
would fit your concept better?  


--PAGEBREAK--
