%TITLE:Rituals
%TOP_IMAGE<1|fit;URL>:https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/855666496386891786/1147225037884117163/tribe.jpg
%TOP_IMAGE<2|stretch;https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/855666496386891786/1147225037884117163/tribe.jpg
%BOTTOM_IMAGE<1|fit;URL>:https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/855666496386891786/1147225037884117163/tribe.jpg
%BOTTOM_IMAGE<2|stretch;https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/855666496386891786/1147225037884117163/tribe.jpg

Technically there are untold numbers of rituals.  The spirits, as has been menitoned elsewhere, are fickle and prone to honestl doing whatever it is they desire.  We will
list some on the next few pages in hopes of helping new shamans realize there isn't really a science to this.  It's very much an art form. The rituals within are generally
safe for the user.

Rituals of Weather
Rituals of Finding

The big thing to keep in mind is that, while technically, all of these can be done anywhere there are certain places of spritual atunement that they will work better in.

The Cave of Forever as well as the Platform for the Skull of Atonement are both spiritually strong locations, and should be your first choice for doing rituals.

Plants, animals, and items can also be connected to the rituals.  Using them in said rituals will often times increase the likelyhood of a spirit assisting you. For animals
it is usually okay that they are dead as well, or even if you just use parts of one.  The spirits seem to understand most of the time that the swamprot acts at unreasonable
paces. If these things are not mentioned it is due to them not yet being known for sure, generally.

--PAGEBREAK--

Rituals of Weather

While often used to help make certain crops are watered while the tribes druids or farmers may be away, these rituals are quite varied in reality. Some even having uses in times of war.

Most of these should be done on the platform for the Skull of Atonement, the open air around you seems to channel the energy better.

- Rain: A rain dance usually involves 1 or more dancers spinning about the altar, generally speaking there should be items such as buckets included. The plan most readily 
concided with this ritual is the squishy punga.  The animal most coincided the mirelurk.  

- Sandstorm: A sand dance usually involves 2 or more members of the tribe laying before the the skull of atonement, each side of the altar.  They will pray in unison to
the spirits in hopes of replicating the blotting out of ones vision that sandstorms create.  The plant most used for this ritual is the pinyon nut, for its ground up nature.
The animal the Nightstalker and the item being a pile of sand.  Or two.

- Fog Front: Sometimes used for events in the tribe and other festivities, a fog front can be potentially called in with only 1 shaman on the ritual. Usually it is done kneeling
at the altar of atonement and whispering along with your prayer. Seek out broc for this ritual, or a frog.  There are no known items to assist.

- Rad Storm: Not usually asked for, this ritual would require a massive sacrifice on the part of a shaman to even get the spirits attentions.  But it has been done, and 
could happen again. The requirements are usually at least 4 members of the tribe facing the altar, with the shaman offering forth some of their life force to repay for the
lifedebt the storm will create.  While it requires no life be taken from the shaman that does it, each member gets one slice upon their body in hopes of forgiveness for the sin 
they commit.  There is no fruit or item connected to this ritual, but the glowing ghouls have been known to assist, if enough are killed.

--PAGEBREAK--

Rituals of Finding

Often used to attempt to find people, things, or plants and animals the Rituals of Finding are VERY finicky. While most shamans have access to their scrying orb there is
a limit to what they can see when in that state, and this can be used to help guide a seeker to what is needed.

- Item Finding: The shaman should offer an item of equal value or importance to the altar of the skull.  It isn't always claimed by the spirits, but it could be. It's said
that yelling what it is you seek while praying can make this ritual more effective, but there's no proof of that.

- People Finding: A good ritual to teach to those who are curious about the shamans duties, as they likely lack a scrying orb to find others with.  Offer up a paper doll
(or just a piece of paper with the drawing of a person on it, described as best one can) and the spirits may do what they feel like once you get their attention with prayer.

- Flora & Fauna Seeking: This is a complex ritual that seems to be based off of natures view of the animals. For instance it seems to ask for a sacrifice of something related
to the animal. Little is really known about the specifics, but if you word it well the spirits may listen.

