%TITLE:Rituals
%TOP_IMAGE<1|fit;URL>:https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/855666496386891786/1147225037884117163/tribe.jpg
%TOP_IMAGE<2|stretch;https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/855666496386891786/1147225037884117163/tribe.jpg
%BOTTOM_IMAGE<1|fit;URL>:https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/855666496386891786/1147225037884117163/tribe.jpg
%BOTTOM_IMAGE<2|stretch;https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/855666496386891786/1147225037884117163/tribe.jpg

Technically there are untold numbers of rituals.  The spirits, as has been menitoned elsewhere, are fickle and prone to honestl doing whatever it is they desire.  We will
list some on the next few pages in hopes of helping new shamans realize there isn't really a science to this.  It's very much an art form.  The rituals described below can be 
unsafe for the user at even the best of times.

Rituals of Cursing
Rituals of Blessing
Rituals of Healing
Rituals of Atonement

The big thing to keep in mind is that, while technically, all of these can be done anywhere there are certain places of spritual atunement that they will work better in.

The Cave of Forever as well as the Platform for the Skull of Atonement are both spiritually strong locations, and should be your first choice for doing rituals.

Plants, animals, and items can also be connected to the rituals.  Using them in said rituals will often times increase the likelyhood of a spirit assisting you. For animals
it is usually okay that they are dead as well, or even if you just use parts of one.  The spirits seem to understand most of the time that the swamprot acts at unreasonable
paces. If these things are not mentioned it is due to them not yet being known for sure, generally.

--PAGEBREAK--

Rituals of Cursing

These are a very serious set of rituals and place a burden upon the shaman that uses them.  Usually in the form of needing to wound oneself in equal ways to how you would
wish the other party bothered.  It's dangerous ground, and the spirits don't often answer them if they feel they are unjustified.  That doesn't mean that they never are though
or that a particularly just reward begged for by a wounded tribal may not be delivered henceforth, but it may not be immediate or in a way expected.

- Cursing: As explained above, this ritual tends to be on a case by case basis.  As it is that means that it is often up to the shaman and the party involved in wishing
the curse to work out what it is they want to do.  A cut for a cut, a bruise for a bruise is often what the spirits demand.  If you ask to do it to another then you should
be willing to carry the pain yourself as well.

Despite that.

It is not unheard of for a dying member of our tribe to whisper a curse.  To let the words escape from their body that get the spirits attention, and the price of their death
molds the reaction.  Small cuts become gashes, bullet grazes turning into lost limbs on those that did the harm.  Even windstorms blowing entire groups of monsters onto foes.

Be very wary with these rituals.

--PAGEBREAK-- 

Rituals of Blessing

Much safer than the previous chapter, these rituals vary a lot as well.  Things can be blessed, people, ideas, and even places.  Usually it requires bringing it into the Cave
of Forever, though obviously that isn't so easy.  

Realize that it really is a case by case basis, and that's if the spirits will even listen.  One day you may need to smear down a pip-boy with punga juice in order to 
sanitize it, the next you may be told to clean the screen.  The spirits are fickle after all.

--PAGEBREAK--

Rituals of Healing

Sometimes used as a bit of a crutch by shamans who are not as well trained at the physical side of healing Rituals of Healing are powerful, but best not used often.  Much like
rituals related to causing harm they tend to take something out of the shaman that uses them.  Limiting them in some way from doing them too often.

The long and short of it is to request via prayer from the location you find most suitable for a boon on another.  Be that next to them touching the wound or from atop the
pyramid of judgement while yelling into the wind.  Make it clear who it is you seek to help and how you want to do so and what you will suffer for the boon.  If the spirits 
are feeling kind they may not even take payment, but sometimes they take more.  They are, after all, after their own design.

We strongly suggest not to ask repeatedly for the same thing, much like a child calling for its parent over and over again the spirits are likely to silence you if get too loud.

--PAGEBREAK--

Rituals of Atonement

Sometimes there are things done to or by those of us that require payment.  A warrior kills a villager in a fit of rage over a partner, an outlander who stole chickens from us
is captured and brought to the skull for judgement.

Pray for those who go to atone.  Pray to the spirits of kindness and justice to go easy upon them if you feel they deserve it.  But do as is said, and remember that once a price is paid then
it need not be paid again.  Nor should it color the actions of the tribe.  Apply the punishment and move the people on from it.  Guide them forward and heal the wounds that
can be healed.
