%TITLE:Our Oath

Below you will see the various oaths you are sworn to uphold.

Each and every category will have its own page with a short synopsis:
- Watch
- Protect
- Guide




--PAGEBREAK--

Watch for any New-Bloods

Traveling the wastelands, I'm sure you have ran into many new wanderers. Those that seem lost, having trouble, or a combination of the two. 
That's where you come in. Find them. Secure them, that is, if they're willing. Bring them to the area west of nash. Make it clear that you are available to the
people of the wastes, we are at our most effective when we are not sitting in our outposts.

OOC Notes: Obviously we understand that it is boring for ANY job to just sit around and wait for things to happen.  You can take this bit on watching to just as equally
request you to show that proactive gameplay is the way for new players.  That passivity will not get them anywhere.  Be that in combat or the search for roleplay. Encourage
players, be a motivator for them.  The issue with all this is when the new player collides with our massively out of the ordinary list of systems.  Do what you can to alleviate 
this issue in character (you are even given a classroom to sit people down in) but understand that we fully expect looc to be used as sometimes there just isn't another way.

--PAGEBREAK--

Protect any New-Bloods

In the case of these new wanderers actively seeking help, and you're confident the particular individual is new, go to them. Request the location.
Offer any assistance they may require and show them how to better defend themselves.

Alternatively, act as a protective shield for them until they no longer need you.

OOC Notes: It's easy to go overboard here.  It's natural for any more experienced player to want to take the lead, but that's not your job.  Your job is to encourage the new
player to take their fate into thier hands. So, while you can and should pick them up when they fall you do not (and almost even certainly should not) steal the show from them.  You are 
the mysterious stranger.  Not the hero. You are here to help them pick themselves up enough to tell their own story, not inject your OC (donut steel) into their experience in a
heavy handed manner.  Think tutorial companion and not Dungeon Master NPC Hero.  

--PAGEBREAK--

Guide any New-Bloods to Glory

Amidst your adventures with any founds wanderers, teach them about various assets available to them. Any and all of these could be a various combination
of essentials. Listed below will be some examples:

- Self Treatment: Teach them the effectiveness of various bandages, sutures, and/or medicine they may come across.

- Weapon Essentials: Show about the quality of guns. You do not have to be extremely thorough. At the bare minimum teach them about modifications and the
various effects of weapon handling.

- Artifacts, Tech, and etc: This can be taught as you see fit. At minimum tell them what specific things do if they ask.

- People & Places: You should make sure they're informed of their location, and where the nearest settlements are.  Players need this information because nothing is more engaging than 
more players!  This also includes maybe intervening in taking a player who wants to learn something to a player who knows more than yourself.  Think taking a waster to a tribal
druid, because the waster wants to learn more about plants and the druid is a better teacher than yourself.

OOC Notes: It's easy to overwhelm new players.  To some degree you should leave breadcrumbs for them, open doors with tidbits of information then see if the player is ICly more interested
in the topic.  Like mentioning that 'there's a better way' to be fighting a mob with their melee weapon.  Then if they engage let them know something along the lines of 'you really gotta MEAN them harm'
or even just lead in to tell them to use harm intent.  That way they're using our directional melee system!  Do not patronize them.  You are not, and should never, be seen as the great and powerful
'big shot'.  Have some humility and it will go a lot further.
